Finished codepen: https://codepen.io/jenweisman/pen/WNxOOJK?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
gives meaning to our code
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    allows user to create and structure sections, paragraphs, headings, and links for webpages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
provide informatino about the elements, we put them at the start and end of a tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the 1st header on the page, only used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    form, text
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    title
    7. What is an id? 
    unique id
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    h1
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    1
    10. What is a class? 
    points to a class name on style sheet
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    1
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    1
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target= "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    specifies altnerate text for image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section defines sections in document, div defines divisions
    17. What is CSS used for?
    styling 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    *
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id used to identify one element, class used to identify more than one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    period
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    all eleemnts that are a direct child of specified element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    a:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    used to define a special state of a element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    tet-tranfsorm
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-style: dotted
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    whereami
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm, it's permanent
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    you can see all changes made
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    when you finish
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork, clone, repo, git checkout, git add, git commit, git push, pull request, create